Allison can you hear me?
You you need to divorce him. You're supposed to be with me
When we're getting married Robert. Never psycho
She was in our old town five years ago
Nice tricephea. I was just informed during your hometown five years ago. Not at the crown. Don't tell
This whole thing was a poorly executed scam. I don't know what you're talking about. Get out. I'll have you arrested for fraud and extortion
Bitch couldn't handle one simple task
I'm sorry June. I tried get out of my face where I make you a grad ever crossing
What does this mean difficulty conceiving in the future?
It appears that you suffered some damage during a previous childbirth
It may make it harder for you to get pregnant again. I've never given birth before you're mistaken